Add getting started content (#6834)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _getting-started/search-data.md

          "gpa": 3.89,
          "grad_year": 2022
        }
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

Notice that the query text is lowercase while the text in the field is not, but the query still returns the matching document. 

You can reorder the terms in the search string. For example, the following query searches for `doe john`:

```json
GET /students/_search
{
  "query": {
    "match": {
      "name": "doe john"
    }
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

The response contains two matching documents:

```json
{
  "took": 14,
  "timed_out": false,
  "_shards": {
    "total": 1,
    "successful": 1,
    "skipped": 0,
    "failed": 0
  },
  "hits": {
    "total": {
      "value": 2,
      "relation": "eq"
    },
    "max_score": 1.4508327,
    "hits": [
      {
        "_index": "students",
        "_id": "1",
        "_score": 1.4508327,
        "_source": {
          "name": "John Doe",
          "gpa": 3.89,
          "grad_year": 2022
        }
      },
      {
        "_index": "students",
        "_id": "3",
        "_score": 0.4700036,
        "_source": {
          "name": "Jane Doe",
          "gpa": 3.52,
          "grad_year": 2024
        }
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

> Both `John Doe` and `Jane Doe` matched the word `doe`, but `John Doe` is scored higher because it also matched `john`.

Reviewer: It may be worth mentioning that the `match` query type uses `OR` as an operator by default, so the query is functionally `doe OR john`.

### Keyword search

> The `name` field also contains the `name.keyword` subfield, which was added by OpenSearch automatically. You can try to search the `name.keyword` field in a manner similar to the previous request:

Author: ```suggestion
The `name` field contains the `name.keyword` subfield, which was added by OpenSearch automatically. You can try to search the `name.keyword` field in a manner similar to the previous request:
```

{
  "query": { 
    "bool": { 
      "filter": [ 
        { "term":  { "grad_year": 2022 }}
      ]
    }
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

Range filters support specifying a range of values. For example, the following Boolean query searches for students whose GPA is greater than 3.6:

```json
GET students/_search
{
  "query": { 
    "bool": { 
      "filter": [ 
        { "range": { "gpa": { "gt": 3.6 }}}
      ]
    }
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

For more information about filters, see [Query and filter context]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/query-dsl/query-filter-context/).

### Compound queries

A compound query lets you combine multiple query or filter clauses. A Boolean query is an example of a compound query.

For example, to search for students whose name matches `doe` and filter by graduation year and GPA, use the following request:

```json
GET students/_search
{
  "query": {
    "bool": {
      "must": [
        {
          "match": {
            "name": "doe"
          }
        },
        { "range": { "gpa": { "gte": 3.6, "lte": 3.9 } } },
        { "term":  { "grad_year": 2022 }}
      ]
    }
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

## Search methods

> Along with the traditional BM25 search described in this tutorial, OpenSearch supports a range of machine learning (ML)-powered search methods, including k-NN, semantic, multimodal, sparse, hybrid, and conversational search. For information about all search methods, see [Search]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/).

Reviewer: It looks like the latest commit removed the description of BM25. (I think this is the only mention of BM25 in the page now.)

Maybe "Along with the traditional full-text search described..." ?

## Next steps

> - For information about available query types, see [Query DSL]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/query-dsl/index/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- For information about available query types, see [Query DSL]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/query-dsl/index/).
```

> - For information about available search methods, see [Search]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- For information about available search methods, see [Search]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/).
```

## Query string queries

Query string queries are lightweight but powerful. You can send a query string query as a `q` query parameter. For example, the following query searches for students with the name `john`:

```json
GET /students/_search?q=name:john
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

OpenSearch returns the matching document:

```json
{
  "took": 18,
  "timed_out": false,
  "_shards": {
    "total": 1,
    "successful": 1,
    "skipped": 0,
    "failed": 0
  },
  "hits": {
    "total": {
      "value": 1,
      "relation": "eq"
    },
    "max_score": 0.9808291,
    "hits": [
      {
        "_index": "students",
        "_id": "1",
        "_score": 0.9808291,
        "_source": {
          "name": "John Doe",
          "grade": 12,
          "gpa": 3.89,
          "grad_year": 2022,
          "future_plans": "John plans to be a computer science major"
        }
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

For more information about query string syntax, see [Query string query language]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/query-dsl/full-text/query-string/).

## Query DSL

Using Query DSL, you can create more complex and customized queries. 

### Full-text search

> You can run a full-text search on fields mapped as `text`. By default, text fields are analyzed by the `default` analyzer. The analyzer splits text into terms and makes it lowercase. For more information about OpenSearch analyzers, see [Analyzers]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/analyzers/).

Author: ```suggestion
You can run a full-text search on fields mapped as `text`. By default, text fields are analyzed by the `default` analyzer. The analyzer splits text into terms and changes it to lowercase. For more information about OpenSearch analyzers, see [Analyzers]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/analyzers/).
```

```json
GET /students/_search
{
  "query": {
    "match": {
      "name": "doe john"
    }
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

The response contains two matching documents:

```json
{
  "took": 14,
  "timed_out": false,
  "_shards": {
    "total": 1,
    "successful": 1,
    "skipped": 0,
    "failed": 0
  },
  "hits": {
    "total": {
      "value": 2,
      "relation": "eq"
    },
    "max_score": 1.4508327,
    "hits": [
      {
        "_index": "students",
        "_id": "1",
        "_score": 1.4508327,
        "_source": {
          "name": "John Doe",
          "gpa": 3.89,
          "grad_year": 2022
        }
      },
      {
        "_index": "students",
        "_id": "3",
        "_score": 0.4700036,
        "_source": {
          "name": "Jane Doe",
          "gpa": 3.52,
          "grad_year": 2024
        }
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

The match query type uses `OR` as an operator by default, so the query is functionally `doe OR john`. Both `John Doe` and `Jane Doe` matched the word `doe`, but `John Doe` is scored higher because it also matched `john`.

### Keyword search

> The `name` field contains the `name.keyword` subfield, which was added by OpenSearch automatically. You can try to search the `name.keyword` field in a manner similar to the previous request:

Author: ```suggestion
The `name` field contains the `name.keyword` subfield, which is added by OpenSearch automatically. If you search the `name.keyword` field in a manner similar to the previous request:
```

```json
GET /students/_search
{
  "query": {
    "match": {
      "name.keyword": "john"
    }
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> This request returns no hits because the `keyword` fields must be matched exactly. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This request returns no hits because the `keyword` fields must exactly match. 
```

> However, you can search for the exact text `John Doe`:

Reviewer 3: Same comment. Would this be better structured as "However, if you search for the exact text `John Doe`:

[Example]

Then OpenSearch returns..."?

> However, you can search for the exact text `John Doe`:

Author: ```suggestion
However, if you search for the exact text `John Doe`:
```

```json
GET /students/_search
{
  "query": {
    "match": {
      "name.keyword": "John Doe"
    }
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

OpenSearch returns the matching document:

```json
{
  "took": 19,
  "timed_out": false,
  "_shards": {
    "total": 1,
    "successful": 1,
    "skipped": 0,
    "failed": 0
  },
  "hits": {
    "total": {
      "value": 1,
      "relation": "eq"
    },
    "max_score": 0.9808291,
    "hits": [
      {
        "_index": "students",
        "_id": "1",
        "_score": 0.9808291,
        "_source": {
          "name": "John Doe",
          "gpa": 3.89,
          "grad_year": 2022
        }
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

### Filters

> You can add a filter clause to your query for fields with exact values using a Boolean query. 

Reviewer 3: The syntax here is slightly confusing. Do we mean "Using a Boolean query, you can add a filter clause to your query for fields with exact values"?

Term filters match specific terms. For example, the following Boolean query searches for students whose graduation year is 2022:

```json
GET students/_search
{
  "query": { 
    "bool": { 
      "filter": [ 
        { "term":  { "grad_year": 2022 }}
      ]
    }
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> Range filters support specifying a range of values. For example, the following Boolean query searches for students whose GPA is greater than 3.6:

Reviewer 3: Either "Range filters specify a range of values", "Range filters allow you to specify a range of values", or "With range filters, you can support a range of values".

> Range filters support specifying a range of values. For example, the following Boolean query searches for students whose GPA is greater than 3.6:

Author: ```suggestion
With range filters, you can specify a range of values. For example, the following Boolean query searches for students whose GPA is greater than 3.6:
```

```json
GET students/_search
{
  "query": { 
    "bool": { 
      "filter": [ 
        { "range": { "gpa": { "gt": 3.6 }}}
      ]
    }
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

For more information about filters, see [Query and filter context]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/query-dsl/query-filter-context/).

### Compound queries

A compound query lets you combine multiple query or filter clauses. A Boolean query is an example of a compound query.

For example, to search for students whose name matches `doe` and filter by graduation year and GPA, use the following request:

```json
GET students/_search
{
  "query": {
    "bool": {
      "must": [
        {
          "match": {
            "name": "doe"
          }
        },
        { "range": { "gpa": { "gte": 3.6, "lte": 3.9 } } },
        { "term":  { "grad_year": 2022 }}
      ]
    }
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

For more information about Boolean and other compound queries, see [Compound queries]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/query-dsl/compound/index/).

## Search methods

> Along with the traditional full-text search described in this tutorial, OpenSearch supports a range of machine learning (ML)-powered search methods, including k-NN, semantic, multimodal, sparse, hybrid, and conversational search. For information about all search methods, see [Search]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Along with the traditional full-text search described in this tutorial, OpenSearch supports a range of machine learning (ML)-powered search methods, including k-NN, semantic, multimodal, sparse, hybrid, and conversational search. For information about all OpenSearch-supported search methods, see [Search]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/).
```
